D.M.REDDY APPS

D.M.REDDY APPS is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its applications available on various devices such as Smartphones, tablets. D.M.REDDY APPS respects the privacy concerns of all users.
Thus, we at D.M.REDDY APPS have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following reveals our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessing and/or using D.M.REDDY APPS website you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.

We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT

We may collect any personal information which specifically identifies you as an individual and might include your Name, Email Address, Mailing Addess, Phone Number.

D.M.REDDY APPS will utilize your personal information to notify you about updates on the website, communicate with you regarding your account OR to provide you with news, promotions and special offers

NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT

We may collect non-personal information like

IP Address when a user accesses D.M.REDDY APPS

Information about your computer such as hardware, software, platform and mobile device

Anonymous information like user's activities on our websites

The above privacy policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through this website. By stating and promising the above privacy policies we hereby ensure that the site stays safe and fun for all our visitors.

Make sure to check our privacy policy frequently, since it is subjected to change, and your continued use of the site is conditional to your acceptance of any modifications hereto. By using our site you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.

What information we use and how we use it:
Read phone status and identity :
This permission allows to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read your text messages :
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take pictures and videos :
This permission allows us to use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.